ARTEMIS-3106 - add some doc for SASL SCRAM-SHA (#3770)
apache/activemq-artemis: docs/user-manual/en/security.md

};
```

> #### SCRAM-SHA SASL Mechanism

Reviewer: This (and the new sub sections below) seem to be at the wrong level, suggesting they are part of the "### Kerberos Authentication" section, which clearly they arent.

Looking further up, it seems there is a LoginModules section about each of the modules, and then the Kerberos one sits separately with its own section. Then this [almost] does the same.

I think the section depths should be fixed and this should go above the Kerberos section as its likely more widely applicable.

Author: good catch, will sort

Author: the two new login modules need their own little section in the login modules section too

````
  <acceptor name="amqp">tcp://localhost:5672?protocols=AMQP;saslMechanisms=SCRAM-SHA-256;saslLoginConfigScope=amqp-sasl-scram
````

Of note is the reference to the sasl login config scope ``saslLoginConfigScope=amqp-sasl-scram`` that holds the relevant SCRAM login module.
The mechanism  makes use of JAAS to complete the SASL exchanges.

An example configuration scope for `login.config` that will implement SCRAM-SHA-256 using property files, is as follows:

```
amqp-sasl-scram {
   org.apache.activemq.artemis.spi.core.security.jaas.SCRAMPropertiesLoginModule required
       org.apache.activemq.jaas.properties.user="artemis-users.properties"
       org.apache.activemq.jaas.properties.role="artemis-roles.properties";
};
```

##### Configuring a user with SCRAM-SHA data on the server

With SCRAM-SHA, the server's users properties file do not contain any passwords, instead they contain derivative data that
can be used to respond to a challenge.
The secure encoded form of the password must be generated or registered using the main method of
org.apache.activemq.artemis.spi.core.security.jaas.SCRAMPropertiesLoginModule from the artemis-server module and inserting

> the resulting lines into your desired user properties file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the resulting lines into your artemis-users.properties file.
```

Since the examples just explicitly defined it as such.

````

> java -cp ... org.apache.activemq.artemis.spi.core.security.jaas.SCRAMPropertiesLoginModule <username> <password> [<iterations>]

Reviewer: I'd suggest just having it use -cp "\<broker-install\>/lib/*" rather than having folks trying to figure out which specific jars are needed.

Also, having an example of the particular format of output to be added to the artemis-users.properties file for SCRAM-SHA-256 might be good (I believe the command prints them all). Or pointing to the related example that has one (I knew that example exists and it still took me a bit to find it, in examples/protocols/amqp/sasl-scram/)

Author: I had the same thought, but -cp lib/* did not work, till it is quoted from the shell! will tidy this up. thanks for all the feedback, much appreciated
